Emphasize that the documentation of each binding library should be read (#119447)
Azure/azure-content: includes/functions-dotnet-migrate-packages-v4-isolated.md

See [Supported bindings](../articles/azure-functions/functions-triggers-bindings.md#supported-bindings) for a complete list of extensions to consider, and consult each extension's documentation for full installation instructions for the isolated process model. Be sure to install the latest stable version of any packages you are targeting.

> > [!TIP]
> > The binding packages might require you to update your `host.json` file, be sure to read the documentation of each binding package used.
> > For example, the service bus bindings have breaking changes in the structure as described [here](/azure/azure-functions/functions-bindings-service-bus?tabs=isolated-process%2Cfunctionsv2%2Cextensionv3&pivots=programming-language-csharp#hostjson-settings).
> 

Reviewer: I think we should clarify the condition (version changes), and the link should point at the newer version of the extension. Suggestion below accounts for this and includes a few style changes as well.
 
```suggestion
> [!TIP]
> Any changes to extension versions during this process might require you to update your `host.json` file as well. Be sure to read the documentation of each extension that you use.
> For example, the Service Bus extension has breaking changes in the structure between versions 4.x and 5.x, as described [here](/azure/azure-functions/functions-bindings-service-bus?tabs=isolated-process%2Cextensionv5%2Cextensionv3&pivots=programming-language-csharp#hostjson-settings).

```

> > For example, the service bus bindings have breaking changes in the structure as described [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-bindings-service-bus?tabs=isolated-process%2Cfunctionsv2%2Cextensionv3&pivots=programming-language-csharp#hostjson-settings).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> For example, the service bus bindings have breaking changes in the structure as described [here](/azure/azure-functions/functions-bindings-service-bus?tabs=isolated-process%2Cfunctionsv2%2Cextensionv3&pivots=programming-language-csharp#hostjson-settings).
```

> > For example, the Service Bus extension has breaking changes in the structure between versions 4.x and 5.x, as described [here](/azure/azure-functions/functions-bindings-service-bus?tabs=isolated-process%2Cextensionv5%2Cextensionv3&pivots=programming-language-csharp#hostjson-settings).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> For example, the Service Bus extension has breaking changes in the structure between versions 4.x and 5.x. For more information, see [Azure Service Bus bindings for Azure Functions](/azure/azure-functions/functions-bindings-service-bus?tabs=isolated-process%2Cextensionv5%2Cextensionv3&pivots=programming-language-csharp#hostjson-settings).
```
